The use of this application requires the accumulation of some information from your user and guild. 
The adding of this application to your server and subsequent use of this application is an agreement to this.

Access Of Data

The data stored in this application is only accessible to the sole developer. 
The information stored will never be sold, or shared to any extent.
The only use of this information is for the development and testing of this application.

Data Stored

This application stores a very limited amount of data and only stores what is required for base functions.
It stores:

- When a guild has the application (Bot) added to the server, the application holds the guilds ID.
- When it joins a server, to function it requires a dedicated channel to send messages to, the ID of this channel is stored
- If you set a role for a way to set who can change settings on the application, the ID of this role will be stored
- When someone answers a question and gains points on any leaderboard, their user ID is stored

Storage of Data

The service used to host this application is the same in use to store the data. 
This provider has built-in protection to stop any third party access to any information.
Although there is protection there is no guarantee that there won't be a data breach and 
application developers hold no responsibility for any breaches in security.
If a data breach happens, all users will be informed ASAP.

Manual Removal of Data

At any time, any user of this application has a right to get in contact with the owner or admin of the 
support server to have the date removed, however this will stop the user from being able to accumulate points.
Or if a server doesnt want their server ID stored, this will completely cease function of the application in their server.
To reach the owner, there is a dedicated server that you can join to get in contact with the Devs.

Automatic Removal of Data

As for the application removing data, when a server removes the application from their server, all of their IDs, including their server ID,
Channel ID, Role ID and any user IDs stored from that server will be remnoved and will only be gotten back if the application is readded.
